Documentation for Debugging Snapshotter (#6859)
kubernetes/autoscaler: cluster-autoscaler/debuggingsnapshot/README.md

# Debugging Snapshotter
It's a tool to visualize the internal state of cluster-autoscaler at a point in time to help debug autoscaling issues.

---
### Requirements
Require Cluster-autoscaler versions 1.24+

---
#### What data snapshotter can capture?
https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/blob/8cf630a3e33ed3656cb4e669461bec197b77f2bb/cluster-autoscaler/debuggingsnapshot/debugging_snapshot.go#L60C1-L71C1
```go
type DebuggingSnapshotImpl struct {
	NodeList                      []*ClusterNode          `json:"NodeList"`
	UnscheduledPodsCanBeScheduled []*v1.Pod               `json:"UnscheduledPodsCanBeScheduled"`
	Error                         string                  `json:"Error,omitempty"`
	StartTimestamp                time.Time               `json:"StartTimestamp"`
	EndTimestamp                  time.Time               `json:"EndTimestamp"`
	TemplateNodes                 map[string]*ClusterNode `json:"TemplateNodes"`
}

```
## Development
Add the following flag to your cluster-autoscaler configuration to enable the snapshotter feature.
```
--debugging-snapshot-enabled=true

> ```

Reviewer: Can we also give a one line instruction on how access the snapshot from the command line as well?

# Debugging Snapshotter
 It's a tool to visualize the internal state of cluster-autoscaler at a point in time to help debug autoscaling issues.

---
### Requirements
Require Cluster-autoscaler versions 1.24+

---
#### What data snapshotter can capture?

> https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/blob/master/cluster-autoscaler/debuggingsnapshot/debugging_snapshot.go#L60C1-L71C1

Author: Okay, I'll change it to permalink

```go
type DebuggingSnapshotImpl struct {
	NodeList                      []*ClusterNode          `json:"NodeList"`
	UnscheduledPodsCanBeScheduled []*v1.Pod               `json:"UnscheduledPodsCanBeScheduled"`
	Error                         string                  `json:"Error,omitempty"`
	StartTimestamp                time.Time               `json:"StartTimestamp"`
	EndTimestamp                  time.Time               `json:"EndTimestamp"`
	TemplateNodes                 map[string]*ClusterNode `json:"TemplateNodes"`
}

```

#### Development

> 1. First step is enable the snapshotter adding the following flag to cluster-autoscaler [manifest](https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/blob/master/cluster-autoscaler/cloudprovider/bizflycloud/manifest/cluster-autoscaler.yaml) .

Reviewer: We should avoid referring to a single cloud provider implementation's of the manifest.
```suggestion
1. First step is to enable the snapshotter feature by adding the following flag to cluster-autoscaler.
```

```
--debugging-snapshot-enabled=true
```
2. Save the updated manifest file and apply it to your Kubernetes cluster using:

```bash
kubectl apply -f <path-to-your-manifest-file>
```
3. once you deploy your pod make a snap shot request
```sh
 curl http://127.0.0.1:8085/snapshotz > FIlE_NAME.json

> ```

Reviewer: This is all very tied to users deploying via raw manifests, we should avoid going into this level of detail in these documents and assume readers know how to add a command line flag to their method of deployment, whatever that is.

Author: I have one question. Is there anything additional I need to do apart from adding the flag instruction?

Thank you
